Add additional sensors to ecoforest integration (#29524)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ecoforest.markdown

- ntc_temperature: a sensor for the current <abbr title="negative temperature coefficient">NTC</abbr> probe temperature
- status: a sensor for the current status of the device. Possible values are: off, starting, pre-heating, on, shutting down, standby, alarm.
- alarm: a sensor for the current alarm of the device. Possible values are: air depression, pellets, CPU overheating, unknown.
- depression: a sensor for the current depression air entrance

> - working_hours: a sensor with the duration working time of the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- working_hours: a sensor for the total number of working hours of the device
```
what is meant here? The total number of working hours since the device was first used?

Author: yes

> - ignitions: a sensor for the number of ignitions of the device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ignitions: a sensor for the total number of ignitions of the device
```

> - depression: a sensor for the current depression air entrance
> - working_hours: a sensor for the total number of working hours of the device
> - ignitions: a sensor for the total number of ignitions of the device
> - live_pulse: a sensor for the current duration of the live pulse
> - pulse_offset: a sensor for the current duration of the waiting pulse
> - extractor: a sensor for the current extractor velocity
> - convecto_air_flow: a sensor for the current device air velocity

Reviewer 2: All other items in this list also end with a full stop.

```suggestion
- depression: a sensor for the current depression air entrance.
- working_hours: a sensor for the total number of working hours of the device.
- ignitions: a sensor for the total number of ignitions of the device.
- live_pulse: a sensor for the current duration of the live pulse.
- pulse_offset: a sensor for the current duration of the waiting pulse.
- extractor: a sensor for the current extractor velocity.
- convecto_air_flow: a sensor for the current device air velocity.
```
